I remember my loving brothers and
sisters standing with tears in their
eyes all wondering if they should begin
saying their painful that was how my
father could no longer move and wasn't
even able to speak it was obvious to us
all with every passing moment he
continued to get weak his skin has lost
its color his eyes lost their shine and
even though he no longer knew me I
thought it would be fine after a while
he was my dad
stronger than ever nothing could get in
his way I can turn you to imagine him
getting better
oh how long for that day for him to be
just like the month before or healthy
and just fine
with the color of his skin still maybe
in his eyes can turn into shine I
remember moving closer to his bed and
staring into his eyes hoping by
examining him he was be easier to
recognize for he wore a mask on his face
and tubes were everywhere and then he
moved in a little closer trying not to
cry but continuing to stare it was hard
for me to believe that that moment may
be close to the end of his life after
all how could one disease take a man
away for this family his children his
wife dad I'm in this word daddy please
hear me Oh daddy please you'll get
through this you have to be strong and
beat this disease you have to see me
gradually in one day give me away I then
began to cry and felt there was nothing
more I could say
I remember feeling extremely helpless
and then terribly mad but I couldn't do
something to fix everything and help
save my dad I listened for his breaths
which seems so far apart and then placed
my hand on
just trying to feel his heart I knew you
was it well I knew he was very sick but
the Themis of his heart cause me to
panic I went and found the doctor hoping
he had some earful on his hand but by
the look on his face and sadness in his
eyes I began to understand my father's
life was not up to him but to the one up
above so all I think it was pray to God
that I care of it for him out of my life
I went back into his room my mom was at
his bed making sure like always but he
was kept well fed she's been unlike a
child not filling up his school sadly we
then began to realize as time was coming
soon
I then stood on the side of his bed and
began to pray that God would spare this
one soul and not take my father away I
needed him to stay with me at least for
a few more years I told him how much I
loved him over and over through my tears
I'm surprising these eyes and his face
seemed to light I thought that was a
good sign that he was going to fight
then he began looking up and stared off
into a world of his own a world who sold
the journey to but journey all long-stay
seemed so peaceful and a chiid and left
his eyes i grabbed his hand and
whispered well daddy please don't cry
but it was obvious that he began to
realize about our tears before but we
were all crying because our days with
him soon be no more
we're all been you it was time for him
to leave trying for him to die
he looked at that and mine he laid out
his furnace